Add package config info to more surface areas (#5616)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/model-configs.md

* [Databricks configurations](/reference/resource-configs/databricks-configs)
* [Spark configurations](/reference/resource-configs/spark-configs)

## Configuring models 

Model configurations are applied hierarchically. You can configure models from within an installed package and also from within your dbt project in the following ways, listed in order of precedence: 

1. Using a `config()` Jinja macro within a model.
2. Using a `config` [resource property](/reference/model-properties) in a `.yml` file.
3. From the `dbt_project.yml` project file, under the `models:` key. In this case, the model that's nested the deepest will have the highest priority. 

The most specific configuration always takes precedence. In the project file, for example, configurations applied to a `marketing` subdirectory will take precedence over configurations applied to the entire `jaffle_shop` project. To apply a configuration to a model, or directory of models, define the resource path as nested dictionary keys.

> Model configurations in your dbt project have _higher_ precedence than configurations in installed packages. This enables you to override the configurations of installed packages, providing more control at a higher level of granularity. 

Author: ```suggestion
Model configurations in your root dbt project have _higher_ precedence than configurations in installed packages. This enables you to override the configurations of installed packages, providing more control at a higher level of granularity. 
```

> Model configurations in your root dbt project have _higher_ precedence than configurations in installed packages. This enables you to override the configurations of installed packages, providing more control at a higher level of granularity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model configurations in your root dbt project have _higher_ precedence than configurations in installed packages. This enables you to override the configurations of installed packages, providing more control at the more granular level. 
```
